Add a result iterator to all cursor classes (#1081)
psycopg/psycopg: docs/api/cursors.rst

            using a pattern such as::

                cur.executemany(query, records)
                ids = [cur.fetchone()[0] for _ in cur.results()]

        .. warning::

            More explicitly, `!fetchall()` alone will not return all the
            values returned! You must iterate on the results using

>             `!results()`.

Reviewer: Looking at the docs, `nextset()` is also used in the [from_pg2 page](https://www.psycopg.org/psycopg3/docs/basic/from_pg2.html#multiple-results-returned-from-multiple-statements).

Do we want to change that example? Like:

```
using the usual `!fetch*()` methods. In order to access all the results,
you can use the `~Cursor.results()` method::

    >>> cur_pg3.execute("SELECT 1; SELECT 2")
    >>> for _ in cur_pg3:
    ...     print(cur.fetchone())
    (1,)
    (2,)
```

I don't feel the need to keep the `nextset()` example, in all its clunkiness. If anything we could add a paragraph like:

```
Before Psycopg 3.3 you can use `~Cursor.nextset()` instead.
```

Reviewer: Fixed.

    .. automethod:: fetchmany
    .. automethod:: fetchall
    .. automethod:: nextset
    .. automethod:: results

>         .. note::
> 
>             You can use::
> 
>                 for _ in cursor.results():
>                     for row in cursor:
>                         ...
> 
>             to iterate over result sets and over rows in the current result set.

Reviewer: To expand on the docstring I propose the following. Also adding `versionadded`.

```suggestion
        The iterator yields the cursor itself upon iteration, but the cursor
        state changes, in a way equivalent to calling `nextset()` in a loop.
        Therefore you can ignore the result of the iteration if you are consuming
|        `!results()` in a loop::

                for _ in cursor.results():
                    for row in cursor:
                        ...

        or make use of it for example using `map()` to consume the iterator::

                def cursor_consumer(cur: Cursor) -> Any:
                    ...

                map(cursor_consumer, cursor.results())
                
        .. versionadded:: 3.3
```
